a number of new avengers age of ultron
promotional images have hit online from
Marvel and fat head the company that
makes large wall decals most of the
images features standalone character
images with a couple of key pieces
focusing on the Hulk / Iron Man Hulk
Buster battle should net virus all these
images i buy or sell them I guess uh bye
I'll buy you know I'm not really buying
these giant decals and stuff myself
personally but if you have them awesome
the Hulkbuster one is cool i'm surprised
we're not looking at check it out the
reason to go online to check it out is
the vision they have a bunch of these
cool pictures of the vision and you see
what its k plucks like and I don't know
so if you want to really see what the
vision looks like there's like three or
four images of him coming through walls
and floating around so I guess that was
the spoiler for the decals check out the
vision that you could put on your wall
so I'll buy it I I'm psychotically
buying this and why just because of look
the hulk vs hulk buster is what a lot of
us who have been fans of the cops this
is what we want to see right now i have
a feeling this big epic fight is gonna
blast about 45 seconds in the film I
thought that's what I have a feeling but
just seeing that image of the hulk and
hulk buster this in fist all that guy
stuff and then very creative poster that
Marvel and fat head came up with with
the whole prison the whole bunch of the
green against the machine i think is
really cool i see this stuff and it just
gets me psyched up for their submarines
of by Mary yeah I buy it I by the fact
that it's it feels like a comic book
these fields please feel like comic book
images but they're promoting a movie and
I love the fact that Marvel is housing
all of this stuff and creating this very
cohesive universe that people are
inspired by people who are fans of the
comic books can appreciate this I never
read them growing up and I still
appreciate the artistry behind this I
think it's amazing and the green against
the machine is is wonderful i love this
poster i would i would actually hang
that on my wife i noticing how i could
find this thing anyway mark ii oh yeah
i'm buying this thing this looks epic
and i love the fact that this was one of
the ones that came out because it shows
that they know where their bread is
buttered everybody loved they'll hold
from the first event yeah he totally
stole the show yes
be a darker film old Tremeloes fairy
medicine it's a neat villain this is
what a lot of people are lining up to
see is Hulk vs the hulk buster yes yes
and yes and all due respect to vision
who I am very much looking forward to
see in it I love Paul Bettany but if you
offered me an hour of vision or 35
seconds of Hulk vs iron man I've taken
to 35 seconds of Hulk vs I'm and that's
just me hey everyone if you liked this
video click that thumbs up button and
make sure to subscribe to our AMC movie
news youtube channel it's free and helps
you stay up to date with all the latest
movie news as well as our daily AMC
movie talk show also make sure that you
follow us on Facebook and Twitter to
stay up to date with all of our special
promotions contests and prize giveaways